Make some noise and I'm here, you're at home.
Yeah, how are you tonight?
Yeah!
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Harmontown.
I'm here for Jeff Davis.
We miss you, Jeff Davis.
I am Brandon Johnson.
I am so happy to see you.
Let's get started.
Welcome to the stage.
The master commander, Spencer Krypton.
That dude ain't no joke.
That's the real deal, y'all.
We couldn't do the show without this man, please.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown,
Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yeah!
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you for coming out.
It's October.
It's officially October.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, the idea was that maybe I would have wrapped.
I forgot.
I didn't even think about it at this point.
Yo, how you doing?
I'm a doom doom.
Wrapping, wrapping all the time
is the name of the game.
Like a bucket mama, so harder.
Here's like a mane.
OK.
And leopards come round and round.
I have to do it.
Wait to do it.
And your booty got found in the treasure chest
at the bottom of the sea.
And I said, who's that pussy?
It belongs to me.
Break down like a robot dancer.
Break down, I'm never taking chances, sir.
I'm going to your papa's pussy in a bus.
And, OK.
I agree.
So out of breath and so fat.
And for any of the ladies that happen to be joining us
for the first time tonight, that's not,
the pussies aren't for driving into.
At least of all with a bus.
There's nothing.
How did this begin?
I don't know.
We've been doing the podcast for about seven years.
Our guest tonight has been doing,
it's basically like a sister podcast.
I look at it as, because we like to feminize our enemies.
No.
I don't know why that is why.
I think that's our worshipfulness of the feminine
generally with sister cities and sister productions.
When we call things, I think it's like a battleship as a she.
I think that's us trying to be flattering to women.
I hope so.
I do hope so.
It's a good thing.
So it must be a girl.
Because it's soft.
Like one thing that makes us better than we can be.
Like a battleship with big guns.
Look at her big guns.
Look at those big guns that girls got.
She's going to blow the fuck out of our enemy city.
Our brother city that we hate.
We're going to ally with our sister country
and fucking shoot our tits all over that fucking enemy country.
Because we're better.
So we're women.
I don't know what we're doing.
I wish, man.
I really do wish that was true.
And then some people come along and go,
hey, maybe I want to do some weird shit with pronouns.
And we're like, fuck you.
That's crazy.
We're crazy with pronouns.
We are crazy with pronouns.
We do weird shit with pronouns.
It's weird.
We're still trying to figure out what we should do to not offend each other
when we speak to each other.
That's going to take a little while.
Human race is like a little,
thinks it's smarter than it is.
So we're like, fuck, we've got language and shit.
This is how you talk.
And so far it hasn't really worked out.
So we're still working our way through pronouns, I think.
And is that how English works?
English is a garbage dump.
That's why it's successful.
English is the language that said,
polystyrene is welcome.
We've been over this.
I've listened to four podcasts about the history of English.
So I'm an expert.
I don't know.
It dominated the planet because it's content with the lowest of places.
It'll take a fucking inlet from any river.
It doesn't matter.
It's just like a diarrhea canal that connects the earth.
And that's why it dominates.
Also, it's spoken by first world empires.
I can blow you up if you don't speak right.
Anyways, I'm fat.
I got fat.
I'm becoming now this person.
I'm like, I'm fat because I'm working out.
And now I'm in the thing.
I'm in the atonement with the father chapter of Amy Schumer's,
I Feel Pretty, where I felt good for a while.
So I met with the goddess.
I was like, yeah, I did it.
I'm exercising every other day.
And I feel good.
I feel the feeling that you feel.
It's an interesting movie.
Actually, I can understand why it wasn't like a swish,
nothing but net kind of perfect.
The times we're going through right now,
how could you fucking hoop is on the move?
But it's definitely worth watching because there's some actually profound
grounded shit that happens in that movie because the concede is just that she hits her head
and she doesn't, they show her looking at her body when she wakes up.
But they don't do the fan, her point of view is that her arms,
instead of looking like this, look like that.
They don't use a model instead of her.
They use her.
And she doesn't say, look at my boobs.
They're so blank shaped.
She doesn't say, look how much blanker my legs are.
She just says, my legs are amazing.
She doesn't, and so it's like a nuanced thing because it's like,
what if the way you looked, which is fine,
what if you could believe that?
What if you just believed that the way we think we would believe that if we looked
like so and so on the cover of whatever magazine?
And the answer is a lot of confusing jokes because to me,
that movie's one flaw is that the world doesn't,
I don't know what the world feels like.
Sometimes the world is trying to talk people into thinking they're ugly in that movie.
And then, but then there's like these beauty,
like I think the scene where she meets the guy,
like the meet cute of that scene is actually really interesting
because it's very realistic, like the what if of like what if,
what if Amy Schumer thought she was like gorgeous and then she's like,
oh, is this how it happens?
Like a guy starts talking to her and then he's just confused by how aggressive she is.
But in a way that I was watching as a guy, I was like, that is attractive behavior.
Like no matter, and that does make all the difference,
like which is what people are always telling us.
Like you just have to think that you blah blah blah and act like you look how you,
all this stuff like it's very complicated stuff to me.
People are really big on like confidence in other people
because we're kind of fascinated by how you can see.
We love confident people.
We definitely, but we also love to like hit them in the face with bats.
Like we don't like, we like to warm our hands over them,
but then we will also like put our cigarettes out in them, pour our beer into them, kick them.
Like, and that's another interesting thing about I Feel Pretty is they do go,
it does track, there's like unlike a lot of movies that have a simpler concept,
like it does take you around the wheel where you're like, oh yeah, okay.
So one of the fantasy about feeling pretty is like we all have this thing in our head
that's like if I looked like so-and-so and you pick whoever, like you might not pick Tom Cruise.
You might pick somebody for a totally different reason,
but whatever that person is in your head, if I looked like this person,
then the reason that would be great is because then I would be able to blank
and I think blank is pretty much universally stop worrying so much about everybody else,
which we think is a service to other people because we tend to be toxically insecure.
Like me coming out telling you I feel fat, like what are you supposed to do with that?
That's me wiping my ass on you.
You're like, I just have your fat shit on my face.
Like what am I, you know, you look great.
What am I doing?
Why am I doing this for you?
I have shit to do at home.
Like I have dogs that need me.
Like why are you the famous rich guy?
I'm fat.
Like no, you're not.
Fuck you.
Anyways, but also your friend can do that too.
You do that to other people.
We are most familiar with insecurity as a thing that if it was gone,
we would be like super people.
But the anxiety is why we are good people.
And so it seems like a no-brainer to talk about this,
but it's a pretty good job in that movie of like she starts like,
she becomes a prick like in all the right ways,
like where she's sort of like, yeah, she's like,
okay, she's like trying to help her friends,
whom she now thinks are her less attractive friends.
And she's like trying to help them,
like hot people help ugly people in movies,
where it's like, come on, just let it out.
You're gonna fucking do it.
And they're like to them, they're like,
why are you being such an asshole?
It's kind of fun to think about it anyways.
Two Harmons Up.
Watch that and Mandy and maybe, I don't know,
something about ants.
Keep it educational.
Two Harmons Up.
They don't make stuff about insects anymore.
Like when I was a kid, I just want to watch.
They did.
Don't ask for that back.
Remember the bees with the Jerry Seinfelds and the ants?
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't mean like when you find out,
bees take the bee subway and have bee relations.
I got bee laid off and the, yeah.
I mean like actual like British guy,
like no music and just like 20 minutes
of just watching fucking writhing insect bodies
like moving around and then a John Cleese guy going like,
the yellow jacket has returned with news from the colony.
Using an intricate wag of its abdomen,
its thorax moving in shapes so precise
that MIT departments were unable to decode it all the way.
This intricate alphabet, if it were in English,
would have 550 letters and be 700,000 words long
or something.
You're like, what?
The wiggle butt language.
And then they explain everything.
Oh, new queen is on the way.
And so it's time to sting her competitors to death.
And like they show everything.
Like they show ants like walking through the tunnels
and like, how can we do that in the 70s and we can't do it now?
We can.
We just don't want to anymore.
We're like, oh, we get ants.
Yeah.
I want to take this big foot.
What's his name?
Attenborough guys.
Get those cameras out in the middle of the North Pole.
Let's watch these seals have a wet dream.
Like, I don't care if that's more rare.
I like the ant stuff.
I like ants.
Notice how the seal rolls on its back and humps the air.
I don't know why I'm so whiny.
I don't know what part of the other thing is like,
by the way, I'm happy.
I don't know why I've come out of the part of it
is like, what are you supposed to whine about?
I'm not a whiny person.
I don't like that kind of laugh.
That was so clearly involuntary that...
Was that...
Oh, that was you.
Okay.
Wait, are you...
Someone just wanted to play a new TV.
Are you Nova's dad?
Oh, okay.
I thought...
You know, Nova's very young and like her dad,
she probably doesn't want people to know.
She...
They...
God damn it.
And Harmon,
they don't make a big deal out of the pronoun thing
because that's also a thing that you do.
You fucking wipe your ass all over people.
Just fucking...
Harmon,
you stop talking about it.
You saw which side I was on.
All right.
I got my notes.
Okay.
Here are my notes.
And then we're going to bring out our guest.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
All right.
So, well, this belongs in a segment.
It's called things that I'm not allowed to complain about
because I'm...
Actually, honestly,
four people are allowed to complain about what I'm going to complain about.
But play a little music cue like it's a segment.
Like...
Things I can't complain about.
Oh, yeah.
I'm a British in the 80s.
Dan Harmon's not allowed to complain about this.
The same way I'm not allowed to have angst
because it's 1981.
Everyone is doing fine.
We're going to learn 30 years from now how poor you can be.
Right now, poor means living in the goondocks.
Okay.
Come on.
Knock it off.
Read my mind.
Living in the goondocks was the cue.
Who would fuck that up?
What do you think?
What do you think I'm going to sing about the goonies for 40 minutes?
What kind of podcast do you think this is?
The goondocks.
Some shit your old grandfather says before he has a stroke.
They called it the goondocks and the goonies.
Look, when we order the food now, you get it brought to your house.
Are you familiar with this?
They get the styrofoam cups.
We're all taking a hit for Mother Gaia.
Put it in some styrofoam.
Put a plastic lid on it.
All of us are humans.
Sorry, Earth.
Payback's a bitch.
You fucking tried as hard as you could to kill us forever.
Ever since we were amoeba,
you were like, better be a better amoeba
or you're going to get eaten by a bigger amoeba.
And we're like, we would rather just hang out.
And God's like, Earth, I'm sorry, Earth.
Earth was like, fine, be a regular amoeba.
Have fun being studied by the people that evolve out of you
a billion years from now.
And we were like, all right, I think your math's wrong.
All right.
So we make these things.
I'm sorry, our guests are waiting.
One guest.
Why are you not allowed to complain about these things?
Because, listen, you'll know when I complain about it.
When they deliver the liquids, the soft drinks,
and they have taken the time at the restaurant.
Because, hey, we're all on the same team, right?
Nobody wants your drinks spilled.
And it's moving on the go.
It's being delivered to you.
But they're not thinking about us.
They don't give a fuck what happens after they leave,
which is why they put a big piece of scotch tape over the hole,
the straw hole.
These lids are designed for transport.
I knew I wouldn't have your sympathy.
I called your silence in advance.
You silver-leg fucks.
You judgemental.
I said I'm not allowed to complain about it.
Now let me complain.
These lids should either have holes in them or not.
Why are you going that they're putting scotch tape?
Did you get the drink and you're like,
ah, the food's here.
Thank God.
And they're like, yeah, thank God.
I got a million orders to do.
Everybody's got priorities.
Everyone's got better things to do
than to make sure your drink doesn't spill.
And their technique, the shit rolls downhill.
They're like, you get the thing and you're like,
ah, time to put the straw in.
What the fuck?
There's a fucking scotch tape.
Do they have a dispenser on the shelf above the thing?
Or do they make a shift if people take a box
and they go like, this will be for deliveries.
Just buy, just buy the whole list lids
and say to people, or make a collector's item thing
and be like, we don't want anything to ever spill
and you should benefit from that too.
Here's a football-shaped cup that you can throw
and it won't spill, but it like,
it fucking converts into a thing
and you can believe it on your portrait.
We'll give you a refund.
I'll, I'll, I'll, let me wet my beak
in this like, efficiency thing.
It just feels a little bit like a fuck you.
You're like, well, all I know is if I spill something,
if your liquid gets anywhere, then that's on me.
And so, here, I solved my problem.
Good luck.
Like, because you can't take a bag
and I saw you roll your eyes at me, sir.
I know you think I'm petty.
I know you think I'm petty, but I said I was petty.
So this is not pettiness.
He was like, I can't believe this motherfucker's bitching
about a sippy cup.
It would serve them right if when you got your food,
you like said, hold on a second,
and you looked in as if to count your tacos,
but you don't even care about the accurate taco count.
You actually go, oh, hey, could you,
could you untape the straw holes?
God damn it.
Because it usually takes me about 20 minutes.
Because I don't know if you've ever put scotch tape
on a fucking lid.
You guys, look, nobody gets me.
I'm telling you, if I was running this world,
oh boy.
Yeah, before childhood hunger,
we got to fix that tape shit.
I bet half of childhood hunger is somehow related to this.
Okay, one more thing, and then I'll bring out our guests.
Here's, okay, a genius idea.
This is like, you can have it, I got enough to do.
Somebody go write this up
and get the people attached and do it.
So, Tom Hanks,
beloved actor,
been with us for a long time.
We've been with him when he was a young whippersnapper,
a bosom buddy, a maze monster,
all the way up through Philadelphia,
all the way to Captain Robert Phillips,
and beyond.
His road to perdition led him to, he's lived a full life.
One of his many roles was a child
who wished he was a little older.
I'm saying now, it's time, you can use him,
we can do this, big two colon, small.
Let's go. Let's fucking go.
I actually got the idea from the Amy Schumer movie.
What is this? Let's go.
This sounds amazing.
In the Amy Schumer movie, they reference the big movie
because they're like, well, cite your references
because she's wishing she was pretty,
and then I was explaining to Cody,
oh, they're doing the big reference because of the thing,
and then I was like, I'm old.
They should do one of these called I Feel Young.
And then I was like, oh, reverse big.
Oh, big two, colon, small.
My audience is gonna love this.
And she's like, you have an audience?
I'm like, what are the people that show up on Monday?
Like, I don't know what you call them, friends, frenemies?
Now, judges.
I don't want you to give.
My judges.
Oh, you like that?
That's it.
Maybe we can get along.
Ah, my judges are here.
That feels like a healthy, honest description
of this relationship.
Your honors.
My next guest might make you like me,
but I can't help it if you don't,
because you're out of order.
At the end of this podcast,
I will throw myself on your mercy,
as I always do,
and we'll see what you decide at some point.
And I will stop you from doing that,
because I am the bailiff.
Yeah, well, I'm like a crazy, I don't know,
I'm like the Senate.
No, I just control everything.
Now I made us depressed.
Oh, am I guilty of that?
Fuck you, people.
I mean, if it pleases you.
All right, our next guest, sister podcast.
I mean, like, I've been doing it forever.
I mentioned this a couple of episodes ago,
where I was like, you know,
I did my impression of him,
and I said mid-impression,
because I knew that somehow this connection
was made, and I really did not want it
to reach him in an offensive way.
I said, hey, I'll fly you out,
come out, do a thing.
I don't know if he took me up on that,
or if he was here anyway, or whatever,
but leave you put it together.
It was like the next day or something,
it was like, they're coming.
And this podcast has been on
at least as long as this one.
I'm fascinated with it.
I fall asleep to it every night,
in spite of the titular warning not to,
uh, brag that you're not going to.
Uh, please welcome
the creator and host
of, uh, award-winning
podcast, The No-Sleep Podcast,
Mr. David Cummings!
Hi, everybody.
I'm sorry about how long I made you wait.
I said the same thing I say to every guest.
I said, oh, and then I come out and I talk for five,
maybe ten minutes.
It's probably been twenty.
I'm just thrilled to be on the episode
about fat people with big tits.
Yeah!
Get right at home.
I was on a podcast
that tingled me to the bone.
Oh, it's my, sorry.
Okay, you've been listening to me
do my impression of you all day today,
because we hung out all day, really.
Dan and I are BFFs now.
Is it okay to tell people
that we did some recording today?
Yes, absolutely.
You, uh, had me on.
You have two podcasts.
The other one you ordered,
or is it just you affiliated with it,
and it's, are you a mogul?
I'm, uh, I'm what they call in L.A., Dan.
I'm an E.P.
Darkest Night. Darkest Night.
Created by the genius Alex Aldea,
who's here tonight.
Yay!
The Phil Spector of podcasts.
Yeah, we recorded at Capital Records,
which was really impressive.
That was kind of a power move.
Yeah, I was pretty impressed too.
I felt, uh, all I wanted to do
was take photos of all the sound boots
and the mics and everything.
Yeah, and we spoke into a crazy
binaural, uh, microphone
and all those ASMR, uh, things on YouTube,
and the people are like,
let me rub a hairbrush on you.
Uh, and they,
they, they, they're talking,
or some of them are talking into.
It's like the expensive one,
looks like a mannequin had made of onyx,
and it has ears and a nose.
They have a, why does it have a nose?
That's crazy.
Uh, sorry, anyways, but, uh,
and then, and then you have me play a part
in a, in a, in a no sleep.
Yes, that's right.
On the next episode, and the current episode
that just came out on the weekend,
we started a three part series,
and Dan is going to be in part two
and part three.
So make sure you listen to that.
It was really hard
in the first thing we did,
because it was like a dramatic, uh,
kind of radio show piece and like listening to you.
By the way, you're what,
when you, when you're just talking normally,
when you're like, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't have this like,
like you, it's, you, you,
you do this like performance voice
that sounds so distinct,
but then you sound completely like a
normal,
do you, do you,
are you aware of that shift?
Do you like put a clutch pedal in
and go like time to give it to them,
to the max?
Well, you always talk about me sounding
like a Canadian, so normally,
like I sort of talk to a person.
Kind of Canadian.
I tone that down.
Yeah, I guess you want to get in front of the mic.
I sort of, you know, brace yourself
for the No Sleep podcast.
Go down low.
Do the, well, do it, do the intro
as you, as you, do it, do it,
do your intro just sort of like what you,
what you say at the beginning.
And I, yeah, I never remember it.
Here, I'll do it for you.
Fell for it.
I also don't remember it, but
just never stop me.
It's time
for you
to lose
sleep.
That's not, that can't be it.
That can't be it.
For the dark hours when you dare not close
your eyes,
tales
to frighten and disturb.
For tonight
there will be
No Sleep.
That's it.
Wow.
Uh,
we've got
six chilling, spying,
tingling terror tales for you
tonight.
But first, a few matters of
finance.
Our
regular author-reader
case a
vigilance.
One of those wasn't a letter.
I
think
has found a lump
and will be needing
lots and lots of extra subscribers
for us to continue
our scary work.
It's, it's, and I, I know
that people are like, like, like, I think
you have a adamantine. I think, well,
my, you have, you have
self-esteem. You have, you have
some. Not after tonight, I'll tell you.
But
like, uh, you,
obviously I would never, I would never
even go into that area if I
thought, not if I
thought it would hurt. I'm not, I won't credit
myself as being a pain reader and
responder. I mean, like, if I
thought I was, what I was doing was hurtful,
I wouldn't do it.
I, I, so, I guess that's me telling you not
to be offended. I would, what, what kind
of gaslight shit is that?
Don't be offended.
Well, it's funny because I was talking to
Dan earlier today, as we mentioned, bragging
about Capitol Records. Um, but
yeah, Dan was commenting on the show
and talking about my Canadian accent.
And
you did that, I think, two or three episodes
in a row. And a lot of friends, a lot of people
listened to that. And so people were contacting me
and they're saying, hey, dude,
are you okay?
Don't let Harmon get to you, man.
I'm sure he didn't mean anything by that.
Really, really, don't let
it get to you. It's all cool.
And I'm thinking, these people are
worried that I'm going to be upset because
I sound like a Canadian.
I am a Canadian!
You
people think it sounds
terrible or you think it's an insult, but
no. It's a thrill
to sound like a Canadian.
Well, when you're a country that has, that has
never made a single mistake,
uh,
you look around you and you just want to help people.
Well,
those guys talk weird.
Let's let them have it.
Let's hold them to a higher standard.
Nobody down here talks weird.
Uh,
it's not weird.
It's super soothing.
I think that, well, I'm from
Wisconsin, so the,
the treatment
of vowel sounds is a little
related. I find it to be more lullaby-like.
Like, the making
of vowel sounds.
I truly love it.
I know you, nobody wants to hear about
the word a-boot and that,
oot and a-boot and all that stuff because it's
like so, it's like making mind jokes
now. It's like so played out, but
at the same time, it's like such a,
I get a little dopamine spike when a word comes
up that, that, that you
just pronounce that way
because it feels like an uncle
or a father or something is like,
it's, it feels, it feels
very nurturing. It's basically
like, it's October, so
you know, what I, what I
learned from Campbell is that trick or treat
is that, like, all of our Halloween tradition
is all about this, this, it's the duality.
It's like, not just
like, hey,
knock, knock, who's there?
Torture! Ah! Like, like, like,
that's sometimes what horror becomes,
but like, this idea of like,
sit down in front of this
fireplace. I'm a nice
guy, but I want to tell you about
someone that'll eat your fucking
guts out of, with a straw.
And it's kind of like more effective
because you're like, I didn't want to have
to warn you about this,
but the truth is there's a
crazy corn-toothed
Eskimo man.
Oh, Eskimo, that's not, that's, that's politically
incorrect. Easy, easy with the Eskimos, man.
Sorry, that word flew out of my
mouth.
Speaking of which, though, I was also telling
you that because you're a sister podcast,
born at the same time,
I didn't, I don't have this experience
because I haven't binge listened to our podcast,
but listening to yours go through
these recently
rapidly shifting times was
very interesting to me. Do you remember
your first episode where
you very exuberantly,
like, very, just enthusiastically,
like, really, you had heard about the
concept and you were really, like, into it,
and were like, you loved the idea and you were
introducing it to the people and like, we are,
we, the, if you'll go on the
webpage, we now have something called
a trigger warning.
And it was like, it was like, you had just
heard about it and it was like disco, like,
it was like, oh, it's like, and like
me at that same time, do you remember
that, you know, adding that
and being happy about it and
I don't remember
being happy about it, that's the weird thing.
Well, that you were behind it, that you weren't, you weren't
like, oh, apparently you have to
put trigger warnings. It wasn't like that.
It was like, I felt to me like, you were like, I heard
about this concept of letting people
know where they are or aren't,
you know, gonna be comfortable
so that people can mind their own fucking beeswax
and you were like,
sounds really logical
and practical to me.
And I guess I must be a really
quintessential polite Canadian
because inside, I felt
like, fuck these people, what are they,
this is a poor podcast.
What are you talking about, trigger warnings?
And so, and then
the following episode, it was like
it was like this class, like this is what we were
all going through, it was sort of like
there was this first round of like, go
to the website and you'll see a new thing called
a trigger warning. A trigger warning
is a warning. It was just sort of like, this is like
it was like, not a big deal, like nothing's happening,
no bowing, no scraping, nothing, but then the following
episode was like, look,
here's the thing.
The reason I did a trigger warning is
and the unspoken story
was that actually what had happened
was this avalanche of
maybe understandable, but ultimately
like bad
target, like because you're just trying to
do the right thing, like that you had been
there was this backlash
that obviously people listening to horror podcasts,
their nightmare was hearing you use
that phrase because it meant something different to them.
They had a different relationship with it, etc.
And so you remember that time is my question.
Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
I remember the time and yeah, it was
I got a whole bunch of emails
that almost seemed like a concerted effort
by people to say
you've got to be more sensitive to your listeners
and you've got to warn people and a lot of it was based around
very understandable topics, like
we're not a show that's going to highlight stories
about rape or child molestation
and stuff like that, but we might
imply that in a story
so I can get how some people would want that.
Well, yeah, I know, I think I mean
I'll
acting as the opposite of your publicist or agent
I would say, yeah, no, this is a genre
that is festooned with
better feeling and rape because
it's like it's a horror that is
being written by people who are
they're off the chain
there the roots come through reddit forums
and things and people are exploring
really what scares me
what will therefore scare a stranger
and there's an often campfire
stories begin as that it would have been
outrageous to
ask a parent via an affidavit
or something if you're like
hey, your kid's going to be at summer camp
is it alright with you if I tell him this
I'm going to tell him a couple stories, I've written the synopses here
you're like what the fuck, what
two teenagers
lovers lane, my child is 10 years old
what are you talking about, it's not planned
it's like very tribal and like
like horror has always
it has its roots in
I mean, what draws you to
horror, you talk more than me about it
like I just like listening to it and I don't know why
well
in terms of horror it's always been a genre
that I like but when I grew up
when I was young I would lie in bed on Sunday night
and there was a radio show in my
hometown of Toronto and they played
old
old time radio shows like
Lights Out and Suspense and that type of thing
so I was introduced
to horror in the audio format
so it was the magic of
if you watch a horror movie
and there's a creepy basement
you're seeing the director's
impression of their creepiest basement
but if you're listening to a story
and they say, I walked into a creepy
basement, the listener is going to imagine
what their creepiest
basement looks like and so their
imagination draws them into the story
did those shows use sound effects?
oh yeah, they did
also if I
watch an Eli Roth movie
I'll be like, well
I don't know if I want to
I need more of a story than this
which means unfortunately for the horror director
that I basically want it to be more like
Jaws or E.T.
and maybe that director is like
saying, well I just want to make a movie
that will freak you out, gross you out
take you to a crazy dark, demonic place
that your return
threshold is running out of the theatre
and telling your friends I survived watching this movie
and artists should have a right
to, they shouldn't be bound to my definition
of what a story is, however
when I watch a movie I go to a movie with those
expectations and I do not go to books
which I don't read
with that expectation therefore I definitely
do not go to a strangers
half of the time anonymous
like crazy
I just wrote this to
kind of fuck with you
to fuck with myself and so a lot of the themes
will have to do with
heavy themes that emerge that
you in an uncomfortable place are
abortion
there's such a huge
it's almost because where else would you
go except the idea of children
children being threatened
the stakes can only
get so high before
some theme of that
your stories like you said
they don't go there
you would never be mistaken for being into
the things that you're supposed to be scared of
but they have to be able to go there
in order to enjoy it
I think that I don't know
I know that I could never
our friend John Grills
who does the creepy podcast
which is more of just
how I found your podcast
he told me
because I was like I don't think I could ever write horror
I wouldn't know how to do it
and he said just scare yourself
like do the same advice with comedy
as you would for horror
and then I think oh yeah
like then I couldn't do it
because when I think about
being scared I get scared
so my stories
would be about like someone made me
go to a scary thing
and I would
and I said
no I'm not gonna go
I'm not gonna go to that scary thing
I don't like being startled
and then they felt bad
and that made me feel bad
well yeah
it's true
so I like listening to other people
who go there and like I'm a
proctologist that likes to do
extracurricular work
and I'm like whoa
that's not a real example
well yeah
and the other thing too when it comes to writing horror
not that I do a lot of it
but you think that one of the big things
about horror is if there's a twist
or if there's something you don't see coming
that would be the real scary point
but if you're writing it
well you know what the twist is
so you can never put yourself behind
the scenes enough to know
to experience that twist
what scares you
what scares me
the thing
well it's not so much of a broad theme
but the thing that creeps me out the most
and you see it a lot in horror films
is that someone's standing outside
and there's a face in the window
and if there's something about
it's either you're inside the house and you look out the window
and you see somebody standing in your yard
or you see a face in the window
or like the house you just got out of
there's stories where
there's weird shit going on in the house
and then finally the person does
what you would do which is they just get the fuck out of there
they're like I'm gonna stay in a motel
and then they drop their keys
and they look up and there's a fucking person in the window
it's like
it's almost scarier
remember that classic urban legend
about the trucker with the headlights
the punchline of that
is that you lived but it's scarier
thinking about
there was a dude in your backseat
because
part of that is like
the red eyeball behind the keyhole
or whatever the red room
that's another classic where it's like I looked through the keyhole
and it was just red all I saw was red
I heard that hotel room was like haunted
or the red but I already blew it
there's a red eye whatever
who cares
I can't write horror I don't know what I'd do
it would be all about cutting
I don't even know where I'd go
it scares you
surgery
just basic like bees
yeah
people
conversations
the alt-right
home invasion
losing Cody
disappointing my dogs
what would make you run
no questions asked
everything I've never asked questions
if I can't I'm not allowed to talk I start running
hey you know why I'm not running
shut up
have you ever lived through the horror
of when you go to a fast food restaurant
and they give you a soft drink
and there's like this prophylactic over the whole
you're just
terrifying
run
are you implying
in all of your Canadian grace
that that piece of Scotch tape is doing me the service
of keeping germs out of my
my Thai iced tea
is that like
you're saying by the way you're welcome
for keeping those germs out of the hole
it's just to protect them
they don't want to have to spill it
I don't know
I've never experienced that
and you're like peeling at this thing
and the tape just breaks
it's something it breaks into little strings
like it turns into
you're like pulling threads of Scotch tape
I'm telling you look
why don't you kids get a job
um
well they gotta make like
Capri Sun straws where you could just like
they have a point to it and you just go bam
you know yeah I mean you can't
tell me thank you yes everybody
applause and stand while you're doing it
look at you
I guess that was a good idea
look at you easy shark tank mother fuckers
people people come up with stuff
there just isn't enough pushback from the community
we need to focus
on how hard it is for
yeah yeah I know you can't complain
about this stuff anymore because it's like
it's like it's to the world
is too connected and the real life
became the internet so you really can't
anymore it's not fun
even it used to already be whiny
and taboo but you know you can't be like
I was on my way over here and the
wait person did
one of these things and everyone
now is just like yeah they make minimum
wage fuck you you fucking cock sucker
and then
a bunch of people attack them for what's wrong with sucking
cock nothing I just say
if he was doing it
never mind I just
the point at straw would be good a point
at straw everyone wins or like
you know they have those they have some of them
but they're the lids that are like legitimately
sealed until you really
poke the plug there when there's a circular thing
and you like poke you poke right down in there
and it's like ready made and it goes
it's like really satisfying gotta be
what it exists gotta be a half a penny
more per lid and we're all
gonna get rich what half penny
at a time just
write a screenplay
it's
not that difficult
to figure out everyone just
write a screenplay and sell it
and take that money put
it into your restaurant supplies
and what we have left over
we build a radio for our island
why do I have to
spell it out for everybody
I understand how money works
there's an island
so we had a
you got a
there was a thing that
did Rebecca write the thing that
and did she want
credit
she just got it if she did write it
the thing that
there was a thing that's
written that we can do a
performance we can write it
Dan some people call it a script
you're in Hollywood
your team the no sleep team
by the way do you call them no sleeps
the individual segments
are they called those do you go like
I have to do three more no sleeps
or this episode will be
hmmm
frighteningly under
run time
no Dan we don't
you don't call them no sleeps what do you
refer to them as
basically are you talking about the
individual segments
we should call them uh
naps
like what do you
what do you what do you
I said naps
everybody applaud
like what do you think do you think Rod
Sterling called them called them zones
or like we just call them
stories because it's not like you're
gonna confuse them with another thing
alright I answered my own question
creep shows the individual creep
shows within a creep show
it's confusing I'm glad that we're sharing
this with our Canadian friend yeah what
what else
you can't disguise that as good interviewing
what what else
oh well
welcome Bob Costas
good job I thought I was doing poorly
but the what else guy is here
get out of here put your knock it off
I heard my question
and then I was like no
no don't ask that question there's a
thing there's a thing that's been written
none of us read it it's been written
and you're
you're like we can perform it right
we're gonna perform it no sleep
style yes we're gonna do a story
for you tonight yeah
I got
we got these these
tablets but they're locked
so I don't know how to unlock
what's your pat password
oh the great Alex
I'll dare can you yell out your password
well if you want to give could you come
up maybe
yeah we'll get some help Alex O'Day
ladies and gentlemen
anyone one of the
sleeps
sorry about that thanks
so as I mentioned Dan was
talking about no sleep on the show
and talking about
Canada and me being a Canadian and all that
so we talked to one of our
famous writers one of our best
C.K. Walker
beloved
and if you if you don't
know how many people here are fans of
horror and Netflix enough to know about
the upcoming series called the house
the haunting of Hill House
the great
the great C.K. Walker
is a staff writer on
that series so
we're thrilled not only that she is
working with great people like Mike Flanagan
doing all these big TV series but
she still writes stories for us and so
what we decided to do or C.K.
did was to write a short
script about Canada
specifically about Canadian
Thanksgiving
because our Thanksgiving
is next weekend we have it
earlier than you that's spooky as hell
anytime I would
ask questions about it but I think
we're gonna learn about yes that's
right because C.K.
wrote this script
with some fun but also with some true facts
about one of the
people who founded Canada
or at least got it off the ground many many years
ago and how it relates to Thanksgiving
can we
is the music
let's see what we got oh you got you got
good that's right
yeah
all our music has
fat beats Dan so
I guess I should get my script too
first nations
oh by the way Brandon will be playing
the part of Jeff Davis
already here
see how I can do this
all right hosers
so in Canada
we've got this thing called Thanksgiving
there don't you know
hey it's offensive when you do it
it works the opposite
because
well you know it's tradition
in the motherland to tell stories of
Thanksgiving past
from around the world
we do it around the holidays of course
but today I'm in America
Los Angeles to be specific
and since Canada's day of thanks
is quickly approaching I thought I would tell
you about a Thanksgiving
of the future
instead
a Thanksgiving when I extend
an invitation down south
to some American friends
music
he brought sound effects
and his doorbell was on Canada sorry okay
let us in
come on David I haven't seen my balls
in hours
yeah I don't think that has anything to do
with the weather seriously it's fucking cold
hey oh boys welcome to Canada
you're just in time
didn't think we'd ever find the place
well I'm glad to see you did
sun's getting low gotta get you inside
before dark
packed quite a bit for a long weekend
didn't ya? ridiculous
you travel like a woman
it's my laptop and some DVDs
what? it was a long flight
smart if you ask me
not much to do and too cold to go
anywhere what's the temperature
outside David? it's about
6 degrees celsius
oh a bit of a scorcher
can we get that in freedom units
it's like 40 degrees
thank you patriot
can I get you a boys a beer?
I'll take one damn nice place
David? smells fucking good too
turkey?
of course there's turkey
it's Canadian Thanksgiving
it's just called Thanksgiving
here
you got candied yams
I'm afraid not
only in the U.S. do they put sugar
and marshmallows in their vegetables
I would love to get my hands on some
poutine
no poutine
a pecan pie
nope
Thanksgiving in Canada is a bit different
than in the U.S.
how so?
other than being on a Monday
well here it's not just
a Christmas dress rehearsal
damn
there are traditions and rites
that must be satisfied
like what? oh you'll see
sit down
eat eat it's custom that
the host tells the story of the first Thanksgiving
over the feast
though I'm sure you're already well versed in it
I wouldn't count on that
this is great
you're a decent cook
Cummings
definitely but what's the green
stuff at the end of the table?
that's mushed peas
they were served at the first Thanksgiving
in Canada
so are you ready for the telling?
yeah whatever you want just pass more of that
Canadian gravy
well
the story of the first Thanksgiving
starts in 1574
with a pirate named
Martin Frobisher
wait there's pirates in this story
oh there sure is
he was a pirate
lost his eye
privateering for the English crown
so was he a privateer
or a pirate?
well he was both
Frobisher was an Englishman who had contracts
with the crown to go explore
the Northwest Passage
but he also participated in piracy
Frobisher's letter of mark
basically government license
to attack England's enemies at sea
was falsified
yeah basically
but in 1574
Martin received the crown's approval
to explore new routes to the Pacific Ocean
through
well though he didn't get the funding
Frobisher was forced to pursue financing
through his friend and director
of the cafe company Michael Locke
America's first Thanksgiving stories
have way more murder
Jeff left and Brandy
showed up
oh shit hey Brandy
so
so Frobisher weighed anchor
and took his fleet of three ships west
because of some bad weather
he was pushed into Baffin Island
and landed in an inlet that Martin named
Frobisher Bay
and had the first Canadian Thanksgiving
it's really picking up out there
yes it sure is
and interestingly enough that was
not the first Thanksgiving
because while Frobisher was on Baffin Island
he discovered gold
and that was the first Canadian Thanksgiving
no not even close
you see happy with his find
Martin loaded up 200 tons
of mined gold
from Frobisher Bay
and hauled it back to England to present to the queen
he was celebrated
by high society
welcomed into new circles
people no longer mocked his one eye
Martin wanted more
so he requested another expedition
to retrieve even more gold from Canada
he also petitioned
Queen Elizabeth to be named
High Admiral of the Northwestern Seas
she agreed
to one request but not the other
and Martin was forced to again
beg for financing from his friend
Michael Locke and the Cafe Company
did he get it
did he go back to Canada
for more gold
he did yes yes
and this time he took a fleet of 15 vessels
and fine gold chain
around his neck
a gift from Queen Elizabeth herself
this time
the storm that hit the expedition
was truly awesome
and they limped into Frobisher Bay
with a fleet of only 12
and this was the first Canadian
Thanksgiving
yes yes yes
Martin was so happy to make land
that the 400 men on the expedition
sat down to a lovely supper
of salted ham
biscuits and mushed peas
moose meat would have been more Canadian
oh Spencer
no no no
Martin saw the moose
as a majestic animal
larger and more powerful than a horse
he would never have thought to slaughter one for food
and that's the story
of the first Canadian Thanksgiving
well yes but there's more
much much more
Frobisher mined the gold
and brought 1350
tons
of it back to England
is that an animal
it's a moose
I'm gonna get another beer
so Frobisher was Kardashian rich
when he got back to England
well not exactly
Frobisher returned to England
with his 1300 tons of gold
but when he anchored in London
he received unsettling news
the gold he brought back
from Canada had been smelted
it turns out it wasn't
gold at all
what was it?
iron pyrite
ha ha ha ha
fools gold
yes
and he had literal tons of it
Frobisher was stripped
of his title shunned by the crown
the cafe company went bankrupt
and Martin's friend Michael Locke
was thrown into debtor's prison
wow
share your wow
Martin Frobisher was humiliated
publicly and otherwise
people laughed in his face
we get another laugh Dan
ha
accused his one remaining eye of bad eyesight
and Martin blamed Canada
for the bamboozle
drunkenly ranting that the only
dignified part of that frozen hell
was the enormous antlered
creature we now call
a moose
I like the Canadian Thanksgiving
oh
what happened next
well
Frobisher died during the Anglo-Spanish
war in France
in a town called Brest
ha ha ha
well admit that story is more interesting
than pilgrims eating corn in the greater
Boston area
oh but it's not finished
god damn it
it's not
what else could
whatever part of the story
could there be
what about Frobisher's body
his corpse is a part
of the story
yes indeed upon hearing
of Frobisher's death at Brest
ha ha ha
Queen Elizabeth ordered
his body to be decapitated
and taken back to Baffin Island
and buried there
so that his shame may follow him into death
why be
headed? well because she did not believe
Frobisher should ever be able to hold
his head high even in the afterlife
savage
indeed
and it's said that every Thanksgiving
Frobisher awakens from hell
to climb upon
his antlered steed
a moose? yes a moose
and passed through Canada from coast to coast
visiting our homes
to demand a piece of gold
from every household
wait wait wait he's a headless horseman
I mean mooseman? yes
exactly
I really love Canadian Thanksgiving
why does he do that
well he wishes to collect the fortune
of gold that Canada robbed him of
to clear his name
exactly
what was that
that's hilarious
so what do you guys do? eat Yukon gold potatoes
at Thanksgiving or some shit
of course
now don't be ridiculous Dan
we offer him gold
for his harvest
gold? right so like Canadian
kids leave out gold slogger on Thanksgiving
night or mommy's earrings
oh no no children are put to bed long
before Frobisher arrives
and you simply hand him
the gold
okay guys seriously what is that
what do you mean hand him the gold
there's a moose on the porch
on the fucking porch
alright you have to hand it to him
very carefully remember that Frobisher
only has one eye and he will
be very angry if he accidentally
drops his gold what gold
the gold you brought
for Thanksgiving of course
but we didn't know we were supposed
to bring gold to Canadian Thanksgiving
Jesus Christ
it's a
it's a muffled door crash
now
everybody slowly get out your
gold Frobisher prefers
solid metal but sometimes will accept
flakes or even gold wiring
I heard he even once accepted
a book called Churchill's gold
a book called Churchill gold
yes yes and actually
growing up in my family
we were very poor and some years
we offered him simple craft
dinner cooked to golden perfection
we don't have any gold
you fucking lunatic
his head
it's sitting behind him
it's off
his fucking head's off
well of course it is you listen
to the story now quickly
stop playing around and offer
him our gold or he will kill us
we don't have any gold
what?
guests always bring the gold for Thanksgiving
everyone knows that
oh god
what if we don't have any gold
what do I do
if we
don't offer gold to Frobisher on Thanksgiving
then we will be massacred
trampled to death under the hooves
of his steed
it's not a steed
it's a fucking moose
man Jesus
does anybody have a Rolex
a gold chain a wedding ring
literally anything made out of gold
on what you pay me why don't you offer me
your fucking Emmy Dan
why the fuck would I have that with me
I didn't bring a 40 pound suitcase
like Jeff
my suitcase
I might have something
let me see
let me just look
gold
I'm looking
it's your line too
oh it is my line
but if you want
Frobisher to say his last line again
I'd be fine
hurry Jeff
wherever you are hurry Brandon
he has many homes to get to
his patience is thin
no no no no not that one
gold
good good bow your head
and grip it tightly do not
let him drop it his vision is bad
what is it
what are you giving him
Jesus Jeff that's not gold
he may accept it
what's he doing
he's showing
the DVD
to Frobisher's head
he's putting it into his bag
he's he's accepted it
holy shit
that was
that was just
man fuck Canadian Thanksgiving
what DVD did you even give him Jeff
the 20th anniversary
of the re-release
of GoldenEye
that fucking worked
it was very good thinking
Frobisher is very sensitive
about his missing eye
I'm sure he would like to have a golden one
that doesn't
that doesn't even make sense
I think it does in Canada
I'm not surprised at all
that Frobisher accepted our
endowment it was very clever
Brandon
Christ what is it
uh oh
ah I'm just
just going through my bag and I
I think I fucked up with the DVD
oh yeah wrong region
no
I didn't get to put the right one
back in the case
what are you saying
I'm saying the 20th
anniversary of the re-release
of GoldenEye is not in the
disc in the case
that I gave him
well what is in the case
I gave him
fuck he's coming back
he's coming back
how much time do we have
what do we do Cummings
nothing
if he doesn't have the 20th anniversary
of the re-release of GoldenEye
then it's already too late
I thought I gave it to him
I tried shit
oh fuck
he's coming back to Canada
shit
run
our door is so quiet
there's nowhere to run
I thought it was the 20th anniversary
of the re-release of GoldenEye
I swear
wow
you bring my body home
to the US you hear me Cummings
don't let them bury me
in Canada
ah
I withhold from my death screen
the letter you
because your
country is so fond of it
they use it
too much in words like a boot
I'm riffing
ah
I know what you're thinking
but don't worry I do live through
that particular Thanksgiving Day
massacre
every Canadian knows to keep a gold filling
in their molar for Old Frobisher
just for this very reason
oh and I do bring
Dan's body back to the States
so you can rest easy about that
but I guess what you really want to know
is what disc is in the case
if it isn't
GoldenEye
and sure
I'll tell you
it's a Razzie nominated 2008
Matthew McConaughey masterpiece
called Fool's Gold
alright
16 pages
pretty powerful stuff
I looked at the number of pages
when we were at page 8
and I was like
oh shit
I was led to believe that you gave strict
requirements for what you wanted the story
to be
we keep a tight ship around here
let's do some
a big part of the podcast that I like
is at least once per season
you do these
suddenly shocking episodes
is there a term for
is it like flash horror
or is there a term for the objective
the mini no-sleeps
yeah
flash fiction is a common one
usually stories that run 3-5 minutes long
flash fiction
micro stories
micro horrors
alright let's do a couple
no script for tonight
and I'll play the David Cummings part
and then
I don't know how we're gonna do it
because usually they're more narrated
but
I'll
I'll introduce one
and then
we'll go from there
and then we'll make some adjustments
alright hit the music
oh I guess I'm talking to you
yeah hit your music
sorry I would have been more polite
if I knew I was talking to you
hit the music
I'm Canadian I wait for please and thank you
the hourglass is almost
full
and time is just
about up
for tonight
there will be
no sleep
this is a podcast
about disturbing you
for fun
and profit
with an under emphasis
on the profit
which will be equitably distributed
to all of the talent involved
for the health care
for all those involved in this show
will be
universal
anyone listening to tonight's show
will have any
injuries immediately healed
at the nearest hospital
as part of a new promotion
for tonight there will be
no oligarchy
I'm your host David Cummings
and tonight
I will be
coming a few stories
it took that long for you to make fun of my last name
it's not making fun of your last name
it's making fun of the idea of you were like
hey hey I got
it's like we used to say in the early
they're not racist jokes
they're jokes about racism
it worked until
and then everything started falling apart
for tonight there will be millennial
accountability
a few words about the trigger warning
on our website
what is this music
are you undercutting me with shittier music
than you
this is the only music I have
you gave yourself like amazing
due to budget constraints
well it's season 11
episode 42
and tonight
we've got some scary nuggets
for you
with authors like
Jennifer Ackleby
Art Landon
Michael Stipe
and
Porky Smith
A.J. Clements
F.B. Schwartz
Archie Snookers
and Celia Tone Tones
a brief word about the subscription plan
before we get started
starting in October
we will be offering
an extra bonus episode
for those who fill in
the how do I pay
blank sheet on our form
at no sleepies dot com
I appreciate these donations
and will spread them out
accordingly across the tundra
I speak for the audience when I say
shut the fuck up Cummings
but let's get on with the show
we've got a series of
micro fast spine tinglers
tonight called
suddenly shockers
these micro sized
postcards from the oblivion
will take you on a trip to fear
but come with
postage prepaid
through stamps dot com
which is being
subsidized by the Canadian government
I know you don't want to hear
commercials during your podcasts
and we are sensitive to that
so the Royal Canadian Mounties
have given us a special
check
it's all
we're running like a
Swiss clock up here
our first tale
cuckoo clocks
are often
a trope
in chronological
imagery
these avian time tellers
often
say loud sounds
at various hours
to ring the time of day in
but sometimes the time
of day is the only
time you wish
you had left
author J.K. Simmons
takes us through an example
of what I mean
in a tale read by
Rupert
that will make you understand
why I love
my grandfather's
cuckoo clock
I
will never do another episode
of the podcast again
bitty
it was
a very difficult time
for me
because I had no time
my beloved grandfather
had passed away and at the time
of his death
his favorite cherished
cuckoo clock stopped
ticking
cuckoo clock
I didn't know I could
I had that power
I
Bradley
why don't you do something nice
for your grandfather's funeral
but I didn't know what to do
for his funeral
with his clock broken
cuckooing no more
I knew I had to have it repaired
Bradley
you should hurry up
and get that cuckoo clock repaired
I'm horny
and my needs
come first
and so I took care of her cuckoo
lovingly
sensuously
with lots of little birds
popping in and out
oh thank you
Bradley
that takes care of that
my true Canadian girlfriend
thanking me for sex
and that's when I called
the cuckoo clock repairman
hey
make this quick
cuckoo clock repair season
you tell him
he can't leave his cuckoo clock here no more
hey shut up
you fucking immigrant
I don't need any of this
immigrant shit
going on in my cuckoo clock
repair shop
anyways
what do you want
my beloved grandfather
has passed and his cuckoo
clock broke
ceased to function at the very moment
of his death have you experienced
supernatural
cuckoo clock repair before
are you serious
you know about Timothy
don't you
are you fucking with me
I am not good sir
shut the fuck up
immigrants
I'm trying to help you out
you can't even fucking with you
now I'm a Canadian fascist
get the fuck out of here
you need me tomorrow
yeah
sorry
I got a little situation
going on in the
uh
back room
anyways
sit down
you came over right you called
and then you came over
yes
I phoned you
and asked if I could come over to your shop
alright
sit down you're gonna wanna be
sitting for this story
within a story
I must know
tell me of Timothy
well
all I could tell you is
what I've seen
I never see it again
back in the old days
when this was a mining town
nobody cared what time it was
eventually
they found out they could mine more coal
if they took a bird down
put it in a cage
real cage like
and let it breed
the fucking coal fumes
coal fumes go up
the bird takes a dirt nap
only it ain't no dirt in the cage
imagine being a
fucking bird taking a dirt
nap in a cage with no dirt
rather
a fucking immigrant suffer that
fate personally
but that's just me
I ain't gonna suffer
hey fuck you
I'm a Canadian
fascist
love Canada I don't want anybody
coming in here fucking it up
that's pretty rare
sorry I ever fucking married you
I'm sorry
you stay in your special
door
it ain't so special
you could have built a better door
yeah yeah yeah
you'll meet the little lady later
she's uh
uh
quite a reveal
anyways
get back to your B story
you god not a beast
don't dismiss it ain't no fucking sitcom
not a B story
not a fucking
what do you think George Costanza's gonna
have a runner
while the hitchhiker's getting killed
they get cut over to him and it's like
B story don't fucking insult me
that's immigrant shit
anyways
so this mining town right
here's the thing
whole town
runs on coal dig
yes coal coal is dug yes yes
but you can't dig the coal
if all the birds die see
so they get this idea right
the mining industry
they think
let's put kids down there
cheaper than fucking birds right
and a kid's gonna react
to coal fumes
just as readily as a bird
in point of fact
their lungs are notoriously weak
they're probably a more accurate and beneficial
metric of coal fumes than a different species
if it's too much for a kid
I should stop digging coal
look I'm not defending the practice
okay
these were Canadian kids
they didn't deserve that fate
and they're worth about
75% of American children
so they did it for years right
and the coal town
booms look you've seen it in the paper
this town buried one story though
Timothy
is that what I said
yes
we're on pins and needles
for Timothy
I can't
I judged your 16 pages
look at me go
Timothy
I don't know
the scientists didn't know
where they found him
and the test results
didn't provide no clarity
but this kid was
different
first time he went down
he come up from the fume chamber
saying give me more
the kid wouldn't die
see
he just kept loving going down
deeper and deeper
one after one
dozens after dozens
the Canadian coal miners started to die
because Timothy wasn't dying
he wasn't dying
by the time they caught on
they grabbed their pickaxes
but it wasn't coal they were going to mine
it was going to be Timothy's soul
at that point he was living down
in the bottom of the mines
where we called no man's land
because we hadn't yet
had an inclusive
mining operation
it's now called no body's land
it's also closed
Canada has a very good green energy policy
and this is not about that
but they went down
pickaxes and torches
in hand
and the other hand free
the pickaxes
getting hot from the torch
adjacent to it
the custom made handles
of the torch and pickaxe
doing their job of fitting
snugly into one hand
so that later they could be described
in the telling of the story
as having plural things
in hand
without a second thought
when they got down
to nobody's land
they saw something scarier
than a thousand dead birds
something scarier
than the sea of child bones
that had been created
by the Canadian coal industry
they saw
Timothy's empty cage
so anyways
that's on his anniversary
people say they
what did you say that made me alarmed
your grandpa died
yeah grandpa
on Timothy's anniversary
oh my god you're right
they say he comes and he kills me
and Timothy's last name
if I'm not mistaken
was Horton
yeah
how did you left off the part about the Horton
I'm trying to catch up to a reference
in here
you fucking immigrant
alright look
you've put up with enough
I can repair your cuckoo clock
I'll bump you ahead
it's called the
true Canadian benefits package
couple of
brown people that want their clocks
fixed might find
they're unfixable this season
ha ha ha ha
I'm racist
as Canadians
just the characters that have
come up it's coming
I'm not a quintessential
Canadian
listen to my voice I'm a villain
Jesus alright
sorry I don't mean to give notes from inside the story
I just
suddenly thought maybe you thought I was
doing something that I wasn't doing
no I hear you but
I'm going to time to reveal my wife
oh my god where is she
now remember
you're the narrator of the story
I just been
what do you call it some kind of dialogue
digression
within your prose
the
story pays off as I open this door
and you see my wife
oh
oh my god
a smile too
wide for her face
now
you see why he keeps me away
horrifying
horrifying but strangely arousing
that's hey doc
why you're a doc
that's why they call it
a cuckoo clock
oh yeah
it's hard to improvise these
they have to be written in order to have a
punchy ending right
we try to have a punchy ending yes
so that's why they're called a cuckoo clock
I see
I think my grandfather didn't know
that story and that's
why he died
that was a good one all things considered
that's fine
how have we been doing this for seven years
if that's what our stories are like
I mean if you try to make one up
they're like
I didn't want to mention
one thing I don't want to be cloying about it
but it actually was impressive to me
like I said
I was following you
when trigger warnings were invented
and then following you for the backlash
and following you the whole time and you've never
whereas we've been podcasting the same amount of time
and I've just been like hitting garbage cans
and swerving around and like I don't want to hurt anybody
but I hurt everybody
but you have a scripted podcast
that's like you can watch the earth
move beneath your podcast's feet
but what emerges I just
I'm listening to your most recent season
and you did Pride Week
and you did this like LGBT
like episode
and it's like
I honestly like
there's a fear in the back of my head
when I think about this stuff I'm like
yeah but just don't
let's not have that
be adding water to something
like because the Nazis call it virtue signaling
and it just makes the
it truly I'm listening to
like scripted horror podcasts
and it's like I'm not
virtue signaling
or white nighting or whatever they call it when I say
it really struck me that
we like gay voices
gay perspectives and things
like make shit like horror
better because
either A you have a classic
story that's like a husband and wife
but it's like a husband and husband
and it's like all the more like
because it's a horror story the focus is on this
fucked up shit that's going on
you're like run grab your husband
and run and you come through a visceral
experience like having been trained
neurologically to think of
people that are different
as the same which is like a healing
that's one kind of good thing
but then the other thing is like
when the shit goes deep and dark
and earns those trigger warnings
there are like
there was an author who was
talking about his
it was like a weird like
there's a tradition in this format where it's like
the person is the unreliable narrator
who kind of like turns out to be
your kidnapper or whatever
and kind of like I don't know I'm babbling
but like would you take over
and say anything about that
like did you have you what has been
your experience I don't know if you're straight or gay
I've never bothered to ask because
I've been involved by your podcast
but like
whatever
category you might fit or not fit into
what has been your experience with representation
your obligations
your desires and things
well one of the neat things about our show
is that we have a cast of voice actors
writers producers and they're from
all around the world and we
they all record separately and send their parts in
and we have a really
strong representation
from the LGBTQ community
just in the team that creates the show
for you as a kind of incidental
like were you like a straight guy in front of
a microphone going like I like horror let's do this
horror thing and then one by one people are like
by the way I'm such and such
and you're like yes and
it's like the Muppet movie that works
yeah it was never an issue
it was never at all
and then as Dan mentioned it seemed for some
reason recently we did some
stories that just happened to have
same sex couples
it wasn't a heavy
gay theme there was no gay sex or anything
like that it's just two people driving
down the road and they're too
being gay on the road
can be a bit of a
problem
I saw a gay ghost staring at me
yeah it's not
it's not like you just add the word yeah
and yeah so
that we did these stories and believe it or not
I got emails from people saying
what's with all the queer stuff
why do you have you know
it adds nothing to the story why do you have all these
same sex things
and it was right around that time that we had
as a team we were already thinking about
putting together for Pride Month
an episode that had
every story would be written by someone from the
LGBTQ community and it was just
we're gonna celebrate Pride Month not because
I
just like
that I like that you pissed off somebody who
complained
well that's the thing and so I put a little disclaimer
on the next episode the episode before the Pride
episode basically said
look we will do these stories and
if you don't like them you're free to not listen
and we
and I think I tried to inform our audience
that yeah we've got voice actors
and people on the show who
terrifyingly enough are gay
and
and yeah we got some blowback from that
there were people who canceled their subscriptions
and all that kind of stuff
and they would never say by the way this isn't
like I this is because I
love freedom
and I perceive these
these sort of like
these
when I get these signals
they get ironically triggered by them
and go like oh political correctness is coming
like because there's like
and but I gotta say
as a potbellied 45 year old
straight white dude who has nothing
to gain or lose like I honestly
and this may be the most insulting compliment
of all time but I really struck
me as listening to that episode just yesterday
and was like I would
I would recommend to a fan
of like where I was going like you should listen to this as like really well produced
well written
horror stories that have
a modern context to them but they
have a but they also have like
a classy like foundation
to them a respect for the audio
format and stuff like that and I would go actually
if you're gonna start with anything listen to the
it happens to be the LGBT I would say like
you'll find it that way but it wouldn't be because
it would be it just happens
to be my point being that
in addition to being inclusive it's
not like a handicap parking space it's
not it's not this like thing of like let's
be proactive and break the cycle which is also
fine but you've managed
to gracefully do this thing because
you've had this commune of artists
your people who love reading stories and writing stories
they're all individuals
snowflakes if you will
and and each of them
comes to the table I assume and going like you know
could I could I go here could I go there
could you represent this and that and you
I'm I'm psychically
osmotically interpreting are that are like me and
that you would go yeah because
why would I put up a wall against
that and and the result
is truly not obnoxious it's not
saccharine it's not watered
down it's anything it's like it has
it has all this extra flavor
to it because it's
it's something I mean look
fear xenophobia
sex fear they all go kind of hand in hand
right it's different from comedy
and
I guess that's like my remaining
like discussion point is like what the hell
is it with what are we
in the in the in these times where we're
actually trying to be sensitive to each
other and when the reality
is that when we go to bed together
and when we speak around campfires
to each other when we
we want to get visceral reactions from
each other we want to we want to be able to
cross thresholds that's literally the definition
of a story crossing boundaries
and yet in a very
I'm not doing the old man thing where I'm like
we can't have fun anymore because
you're having fun but you're not
hurting anybody it's very clear
that you're not doing it in defiance
it's like it's very it's two
things are very clear when I listen to that
podcast you guys don't give a shit
about like whether or not
somebody might boycott or anything
like that there's no pandering
happening and the next thing
that's clear is that you definitely don't want to hurt
anybody I like I don't know how
how you could impart to somebody
that we're listening is that like is there some
key to the philosophy like the algorithm
that you run or is it simply
you don't think about it and
over thought well I fully
agree Dan that I am pretty fucking awesome
no no no come on come on
no it's yeah it's
definitely the latter it's just
I don't care and I know it's
I've heard that lately some people say that
as a straight person if I say look I don't
care if you're gay or straight or trans
and they say well that's not right you gotta
be a little more sensitive but no to me
like you said sex
and horror are very intermingled
they're very much
talking about it
maybe they weren't interesting
like what's the kind of stuff
that you get like submissions
like so what are
and you can say I don't want to talk about this
because I don't want you to know how the sausage is made
and you know but
do you have lines that you draw
where like rules
in your head that you run things through
so you go like you know what this is
because this
go ahead I'll stop asking the question
so you can answer it
there aren't a lot of hard and fast rules
as I mentioned
earlier we'll do a story if it implies
let's say a sexual assault
or rape something that isn't gratuitous
we're not going to have a 12 minute segment
where you hear a person describe
the graphic moments of them being
raped and stuff like that
so we guard that line
but I remember
way back in season 3 we did a story
called Autopilot
and it basically told the story
of something that you hear in the news
every summer
and it's horrifyingly tragic
and it has to do with children being left
in cars in the summertime
and so that's
a story that I probably wouldn't do today
because fearing all the blowback and people saying
we heard back from
after that we did that show
somebody emailed me and said
are you going to keep doing stories where children are murdered
and we thought
the child wasn't murdered it was a horrifying accident
but that's how his mind
as a father
he thought that
we like pushing people
and we say right at the top of every show
as Dan has so gracefully pointed out tonight
with his imitation of me
I say
we do tales to frighten
and disturb
and that key word disturb
is I think lost on a lot of people
not just to be
chills up the spine that's spooky
but we want people to be genuinely
uncomfortable and unsettled
I think you phrased it in a way that it's the most
elegant trigger warning
which is something like
to paraphrase it you're coming here
to be frightened and disturbed on purpose
or something like that
you're coming here to do that
you're choosing to be frightened and
disturbed for your own entertainment
that's a big part of it
what do you use then?
I mean
oh boy
is it audio
or horror that's more
like if you had an opportunity to do more than
the audio
version of it
you're like well I like the scary stuff
or are you more like
I like
audio storytelling and it doesn't necessarily
have to be horror but that's the
hot dog of audio
yeah I think
audio and horror go together
better than probably any other format
again just what I mentioned earlier
about using your imagination and getting cues
from the story to involve yourself
in the story but
you know doing it for seven years
I'd love to branch out I had the thrill
of being on a podcast
produced by the aforementioned Alex
Aldea about called Deadly Manors
and it was a ten part series
thank you very much
and it's basically like
the movie Clue it's a comedy
who done it Murder Mystery
and being able to do comedy
and play a bit of an over the top
has been washed out
actor in a role that was written
especially for me
was a real thrill and that was a lot of fun
so yeah I think horror will always be my first love
but yeah it'd be fun to branch out
and do voices on animation
Rick and Morty and all the stuff so
yeah
well it's funny you should mention that David
because I actually have
now I know I did some goofing
I improvised some stuff
but I did write and polish
a
story in which the character
is you David Cummings
telling a story
called
and I'm telling you because you'll have to introduce it
author Dan Harmon
will tell the story
the title is
why I won't ever go back
to Rick and Morty
so
then you do the introduction and I'll be you
telling the story
I'm me introducing you as me
yeah
in our final tale
author music what's the music
music
hey wait sorry just before we do this
can I give a shout out real quick
yeah I know I forgot about the shout out
we had a we had a fan that was gonna come
they they're not from here and they're gonna come
and see the show but they had a health
incident that involved I believe a brain
tumor which made them had to cancel
their plans they wanted to be here
and couldn't so if you
want to help out mega
he's dealing with some real shit and her
friend Ruth you go to the gf.me
slash
u slash m g h b
j a that's a go fund
me it's gf.me
slash u slash m g
h b j a
sorry thank you so much
I'm sorry I'm sorry but that's the worst
worst way to end the show
so sorry sorry you couldn't be here
I'm sorry to do this to you
and now back to the outro
yeah
sorry sorry everybody thank you so much
I'm sorry you couldn't make it
in our
final tale
we meet a man
involved in producing
a pretty funny show
author Dan Harmon shares with us
a tale
horrifyingly enough about
said show and it's a story
entitled
why I'll never go back to
making more tea
my name
is David Cummings
I'm an actor
primarily working in the Canadian area
I don't
toot my own horn
I like to have lots of sex
with my big Canadian
dick
I enjoy the company
of the ladies
and a nice six pack of
moose head
Mickey's big mouth
what do we drink
Molson
Molson ice
but
but what I've always wanted
to do
was be a voice actor
on an adult swim cartoon
called Rick and Morty
I never thought
I could be a candidate
for such a job
little old me sitting in my
shack on the North Pole
but
it's healthy to fantasize
and so I would pet my
husky
and look at my sled
while
whittling
my kitchen furniture
out of my grandmother's
snowshoes
which she donated to me
after retiring from Vaudeville
Canadian
Vaudeville
which
no I'm not going to tell you about that
that's a different story
so it was quite a surprise
to me when my
message on the local moose board
got responded to
with a strange
handwritten scroll
I asked the bartender
had anyone been
or ruined
I don't know why
it's so why am I allowed
I don't know why am I abusive
it doesn't
it's because you're nice and so I'm abusing you
it makes no sense
I gave you a big dick remember
I don't think of you as a
I'm thinking of me as the bad person
alright sorry
the bartender's answer was
even more
weird
than my question
no wait no weirder
it's funny you should
ask because
no
when I got home to my answering
machine I had the strangest
message
it said it was from
an Emmy winning television producer
but I couldn't tell if it was fake
my friends like to play Canadian
pranks
but it went like this
how's it going there
here's
what you're going to be on the old Rick and Morty there
oh jeez
so yeah I'll come over
with some oil so we'll talk about it there
I backed up
from the machine with horror
if that message
was from a producer of Rick and Morty
why would he be coming over
and why would he be
speaking like me
I
ran to the front door
and rubbed it with
my hand on the cold window
unsticking
my flesh from the
frozen pain of glass
I
poked my eyes outside and
saw anyways later I was
look
it's getting late
I
found a plane ticket in a box
with a thumb
I
would have described it longer and more scary
but that's I got to get the bullet
points because we got to we got to hit this
I found a plane ticket
in a box with a thumb there was a thumb
there was a human thumb
and a plane ticket
flying in to the production
office
I wondered to myself what
should I do
I didn't know what
I was about to see
when I got
off the elevator
four children
in clown makeup
with smiles
wider than their faces that's like
big thing and
everyone has got smiles
greeted me
with Machiatos
you're here to work
on the show
I couldn't stand
the feelings in my boots
I wanted to run away
but I
also needed to be polite
that sounds good I said
and they took me back
to the VO booth
where what I saw
will stay with
me for the rest
of my life
300 pounds
of human intestine
in a writhing
mass of aborted
foot bone
surgically altered
all of it smiling
with smiles and children
bigger than the children's smiles
lips curled in a surgical
foot
intestine with aborted
things and
a little implication of the
threat of rape but not taking
pleasure in it
a writhing
sea
I dove in
because I felt pressured
and the microphone was turned
on and I said
I'm David Cummings
hello
I just said it
silence
into the room
and all I heard over the speaker
was
that's good
can we do
another take
okay no that's not a good ending
well no
I like that
a sea of intestines
and bones
but the one thing that will
always be the reason
I will never forget
what I was looking at
the one thing that I
can never explain
no matter how hard I try
the reason I am posting
this to Reddit from an asylum
is
because
the engineer
had a
hat on with a maple leaf
I see you can't riff it
there's always like the one thing
that will keep me up at night
is that he knew my name
and then there's like a punchline
and that is why
he'll never go back
to Rick and Morty
and why we bid you tonight
on Harmontown
ladies and gentlemen
we bid you good night
thank you so much
David Cummings everybody
David Cummings
Lauren Miria
Spencer Crittenden and Dan Harmon
Zac McKeever
Nolan Fabriza
Sarah Hale
Chris Fora
Ivan Brandon Johnson
Peter
Hey it's been the same since the beginning
Yeah we're all players
in this game
I'm winning
I keep my nerves
in my mind
I can't find it
but I don't really mind
I'm just a loser
but I gotta like it
I'm gonna give it a try
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!